ASH: All right, Hawlucha,
Flying Press!
HAWLUCHA: [FLYING PRESS MOVE]
SHELGON: [PAINED GRUNT]
SAWYER: Shelgon!
SHELGON: [DAZED]
CLEMONT: Shelgon is unable
to battle! Hawlucha wins!
ASH:
Okay, that's one.
HAWLUCHA: [TRIUMPHANT]
SAWYER: Okay Shelgon. Return!
SAWYER: There's no
doubt you're strong, Ash.
But I'm gonna win the next one!
BONNIE: Yeah, go for it, Sawyer!
NARRATOR: On their way to
Snowbelle City, our heroes have
suddenly crossed paths with
their old friend Sawyer, which
resulted in an exciting best
of three Pokémon battle!
SAWYER: All right,
Honedge, let's go!
HONEDGE: [GREETING]
SERENA: A new Pokémon!
BONNIE: Yay!!
ASH: So you caught
a new Pokémon, huh?
POKEDEX: Honedge.
The Sword Pokémon.
It is said that Honedge
is actually a spirit
living inside a sword.
ASH: 'Kay, b
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
SAWYER: Right, here we go!
Fury Cutter!
HONEDGE: [CHARGING]
ASH: Pikachu, Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
HONEDGE: [FURY CUTTER MOVE]
ASH: Now, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SAWYER: Honedge!
CLEMONT: Honedge
is unable to battle!
CLEMONT: Pikachu is the winner!
BONNIE: Wow.
That was so amazing!
ASH: Awesome job!
PIKACHU: [TRIUMPHANT]
SAWYER: Honedge.
You take a good rest.
SAWYER: It's frustrating,
but good experience.
SAWYER: The third time's the
charm! It's up to you, Sceptile!
SCEPTILE: [APPEARING]
ASH: So it evolved, huh?
Check out my third Pokémon!
ASH: Greninja! I choose you!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
SAWYER: A Greninja...
SAWYER: So Frogadier
evolved, too.
POKEDEX: Sceptile. The Forest
Pokémon, and the evolved form
of Grovyle. The seeds growing
on Sceptile's back are brimming
with vitamins that
can revitalize trees.
SAWYER: Here goes! Bullet Seed!
SCEPTILE: [BULLET SEED MOVE]
ASH: Check this out!
Use Water Shuriken!
ASH: Use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
SAWYER: Dodge it, quick!
SCEPTILE: [DODGING]
SCEPTILE: [EXERTION]
SAWYER: I know we've got the
matchup advantage,
but I've
still gotta stay on my guard!
ASH: Keep it going.
With Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: Sceptile, Leaf Blade!
GRENINJA,SCEPTILE:
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
SAWYER: Dragon Pulse, GO!
SCEPTILE: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, quick!
GRENINJA:
[DODGING]/[PAINED GRUNT]
GRENINJA: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Can you go on, Greninja?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: Keep pushing.
Leaf Storm!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
GRENINJA: [BRACING]
ASH: Greninja!
SAWYER: I'm pretty sure I've
figured out
Greninja's battling
style.
It uses speed to get up
close so it can finish up the
battle with just one attack.
SAWYER: So if I can
attack from a distance,
I'll have the advantage!
SERENA: He's really
done his research.
CLEMONT: Well, Ash has become
Sawyer's role model, so it
doesn't surprise me one bit.
SAWYER: All right,
Sceptile, wrap this up!
SCEPTILE: [ATTACK]
ASH: Greninja, can
you still battle?
There's no doubt we
can win this thing!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [RISING YELL]
SAWYER: Hey, what's
going on here?
Sceptile, I think it's time
we get this over with! Okay.
SCEPTILE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Greninja, let's do this.
ASH: Use Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [CHARGING]
SCEPTILE:
[SHOCKED]/[PAINED GRUNT]
SAWYER: Sceptile!
CLEMONT: Sceptile
is unable to battle!
Greninja wins!
So the match goes to Ash!
ASH: I still won anyway.
SAWYER: No matter what I try,
I can't keep up with you, Ash.
But this battle was even
more great experience!
SERENA: Hey, Ash!
‐BONNIE: Are you okay?
‐ASH: Yeah, but I'm wiped out.
That was a close one,
right, Greninja?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: So Ash, you've gotta
tell me what just happened!
How did you do whatever you did?
Fill me in!
ASH: I don't really
know what I did, Sawyer.
Stuff just flashes in front of
my eyes when I get like that...
SAWYER: Oh, I see. No, I don't!
NURSE JOY: Everyone's
just fine now!
ASH, SAWYER: Thanks, Nurse Joy!
WIGGLYTUFF: [HAPPY]
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
ASH: Looking good, Pikachu.
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Hey over here!
ASH: Okay!
NURSE JOY: Hello there sir, and
welcome to the Pokémon Center!
ALAIN: Hi. Would you
take care of this?
NURSE JOY: Sure.
WIGGLYTUFF: [AFFIRMATIVE]
DEDENNE: [PLAYFUL]
SAWYER: Hey, your Greninja
looked kind of different in
battle, didn't it, Ash?
ASH: Did it?
SAWYER: It sure did! And it was
all wrapped up in water!
SAWYER: So please, tell me how
the two of you did that, okay?
ASH: I really don't have a clue.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Actually, none
of us have any idea.
BONNIE: It just happens.
CLEMONT: That's true,
although so far it's only
happened a few times.
SAWYER: Wow, that's so strange.
The way Ash and Greninja
were moving together like that,
it's as if they'd become one.
SERENA: It was just like
that when it happened before,
‐wasn't it?
‐ASH: Well. Kinda, I guess.
ASH: It's really hard to
explain. I guess it's like all
the things that Greninja's
seeing and doing, I'm seeing
and doing the exact same
things at the same time.
SERENA: It sounds like
you're telling us you
get fused together.
ASH: Right! Then I start to burn
UP! Like I'm on fire!
After that,
I wanna go to sleep.
SAWYER: It sounds to me
like you turn into Greninja.
ASH: I become Greninja?
PIKACHU: [DISBELIEF]
ASH: That would be kind of cool
if it was true...
JAMES: What's that
nonsense about?
JESSIE: The Twerp
becoming Greninja?
MEOWTH: What a wacky idea.
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: That's quite
a theory you've got!
BONNIE: That would be so cool!
DEDENNE: [AMAZED]
SERENA: It sure
would explain a lot.
SAWYER: They say when the bond
between Trainer and Pokémon gets
stronger, they start to look
alike. So maybe that might
explain whatever's happening
to them since the bond between
Ash and Greninja has
gotten so powerful.
ASH: It's our bond?
It turns me into Greninja.
LYSANDRE: Alain? As the data
I sent to you earlier shows,
the Mega Evolution energy has
accumulated according to plan.
ALAIN: Thank you,
Lysandre. Also.
LYSANDRE: What's that?
ALAIN: I was wondering how
Mairin and Chespin are doing.
LYSANDRE: They're still
the same. No change for
either of them.
ALAIN: I understand.
Signing off.
ALAIN: I'll keep fighting...I
must. Until Chespin recovers,
and Mairin can smile once again.
SAWYER: Ash, let's
battle again soon!
ASH: Sure, you bet!
BONNIE: Bye bye, Sawyer!
ASH: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH: "It's Honedge!"
LAB MAN: Ready to proceed.
XEROSIC: All right. Let's begin.
LAB WOMAN: Understood.
XEROSIC: Now, all
of you please behave.
LAB MAN: All systems are clear.
LAB WOMAN: Recording begun.
XEROSIC: Then let the
experiment commence!
LAB MAN: Firing energy.
LAB WOMAN: Expansion in Mega
Evolution energy is confirmed.
Z's internal transduction
rate is holding steady at 50%.
XEROSIC: It's just
as we calculated.
Let's proceed to the next stage.
LAB WOMAN: Changing beam.
LAB MAN: Energy
device position set.
XEROSIC: Fire beam at once!
LAB MAN: Firing!
XEROSIC: Such a remarkable
reaction with only 10 Cells.
Simply wonderful!
PIKACHU: [SNORING]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
ASH: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [PANICKED]
JESSIE : Rise and shine, losers!
ASH: What are you doing here?!
JESSIE: We're making trouble,
so get prepared!
JAMES: We'll make it double;
you should be scared!
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: To denounce the
evils of sleeping late!
JAMES: To extend our reach
and seal Pikachu's fate!
‐JESSIE: Jessie!
‐JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
JAMES: Surrender now or prepare
for an early‐morning fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Team Rocket! All right,
Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT
MOVE]/[CONFUSED]
MEOWTH: Wasting electricity
isn't good for the environment!
JAMES: The early team
hatches a great scheme!
MEOWTH: This's like
taking candy from a baby,
or a crib full!
JESSIE: Now, why not
go back to sleep?
JAMES: You're only
one Pikachu lighter.
MEOWTH: Meanwhile, we'll just
head off into the sunrise!
JESSIE: Time flies.
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
ASH: Pikachu no!
ASH: You guys aren't
gonna get away with this!
JESSIE: You Twerps
need your beauty sleep!
JAMES: And lots of it!
JESSIE: Gourgeist!
JAMES: Inkay!
SERENA: Ash, wait!
JAMES: Inkay, Psybeam!
JESSIE: Shadow Ball, too!
INKAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GOURGEIST: [AFFIRMATIVE]
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH: Are you guys okay?
BONNIE: Yeah!
SERENA: We're doing fine!
CLEMONT: Right behind you!
JESSIE: Now Gourgeist,
Dark Pulse!
GOURGEIST: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [ATTACK]
CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
MEOWTH: What's cookin'?
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
ASH: A Charizard?
JESSIE: Who are you? Keep
your flames out of our fight!
JAMES: Go book
another fiery flight!
ALAIN: Charizard!
Use Dragon Claw!
CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
ASH: Pikachu! Use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
ALAIN: Charizard, catch Pikachu!
CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]/[GRUNT]
JESSIE: It was going so well.
JAMES: We thought we were
taking candy from a baby.
MEOWTH: Yeah. But
Charizard had other ideas.
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
ALAIN: Well done, Charizard.
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Hey are you two all
right?
ASH: You bet! Thanks to
you.
ALAIN: I'm impressed.
Firing a midair Thunderbolt
while falling to the ground!
ASH: But if Charizard hadn't
been there, it wouldn't have
worked. Thanks a lot, Charizard.
PIKACHU: [GRATEFUL]
CHARIZARD: [PLEASED]
ASH: Is that a Mega Stone? That
means Charizard is able to...
ALAIN: Care to see? How about
a battle between my Charizard
and your Greninja?
ALAIN: I saw you
battle yesterday.
I'd like to see more of that.
ASH: That'd be great.
Let's go for it!
ALAIN: Charizard, come out!
CHARIZARD: [APPEARING]
ASH: Greninja! I choose you!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
BONNIE: Hey, he said that
he saw the battle yesterday.
SERENA: So he saw what
happened with Greninja.
CLEMONT: All right,
I'll act as the referee!
CLEMONT: This will be a
one‐on‐one Pokémon battle.
The battle will be over when
either Pokémon is unable
‐to continue. Agreed?
‐ASH, ALAIN: Agreed!
CLEMONT: All right,
battle begin!
ASH: I'll go first!
Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ALAIN: Use Dragon Claw!
CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
‐SERENA: It cut right through!
‐BONNIE: Is that fair?
PIKACHU: [PROTESTING]
ALAIN: You can do
better than that.
ASH: Now, Greninja, use Cut!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CHARIZARD: [GROWL]
ALAIN: Dodge it!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [DODGING]
ALAIN: Use Flamethrower!
GRENINJA: [STARTLED]
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
GRENINJA:
[EXERTION]/[PAINED GRUNT]
ALAIN: Come on, show it!
ALAIN: All right! Now respond
to my heart, Key Stone!
ALAIN: Beyond Evolution!
Mega Evolve!
CHARIZARD: [MEGA EVOLVING]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [ROAR]
ASH: Charizard Mega Evolved!
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
SERENA: A black Charizard!
BONNIE: Wow, wow, wow!
CLEMONT: I've never seen
that before. What power!
ASH: Now I'm really fired up!
We can win this, right Greninja?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: Charizard, let's go!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: Dragon Claw!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
ASH: Use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
‐ASH: Double Team!
‐ALAIN: Flamethrower!
GRENINJA : [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Use Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
ALAIN: Thunder Punch, GO!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
CLEMONT: That's electric!
GRENINJA: [PAINED GRUNT]
ASH: Greninja!
ALAIN: All right...Hurry
up then and show me.
ALAIN: Thunder Punch,
one more time!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [ROAR]
ASH: Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [THUNDER PUNCH
MOVE]
GRENINJA: [SCREAM]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
GRENINJA: [PAINED GRUNT]
ASH: Greninja!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
ASH: Greninja! Are you okay?
GRENINJA: [WEAK AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: I think it's time to show
them what we can do!
GRENINJA:
[PAINED GRUNT]/[DETERMINED]
GRENINJA: [RISING YELL]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [SURPRISED]
ALAIN: It seems like Mega
Evolution. but they're not
using the stones. Is
their bond that strong?
ASH: Use Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: All right, into the air!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [PAINED GRUNT]
ALAIN: Thunder Punch, let's go!
ASH: All right, Cut!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [THUNDER PUNCH
MOVE]/[STRUGGLING]
MEGA
CHARIZARD: [GROWLING]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
GRENINJA: [STRAINING]
ALAIN: Blast Burn!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[BLAST BURN MOVE]
GRENINJA: [PAINED GRUNT]
GRENINJA: [DAZED]
Greninja is unable to battle.
Charizard is the winner.
ASH: Wow.
ALAIN: Excellent work.
CHARIZARD: [PLEASED]
ASH: Greninja, you okay?
GRENINJA: [EXHAUSTED]
ASH: Yeah. Me, too.
Let's have a battle again soon!
ALAIN: Right.
ASH: We'll work harder than
ever! And we'll end up getting
even stronger! Right,
Greninja?
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Hi. My name's Ash.
What's yours?
ALAIN: I'm Alain.
ASH: Great battle.
‐ALAIN: It sure was.
‐ASH: Right!
ASH: About Greninja... How
do we make that happen?
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
CLEMONT: We need to do some
analysis.
We can use the power
of science to do that!
ASH: That'd be great!
Thanks a lot, Clemont!
NARRATOR: The first meeting
between Ash and Alain is now
history. At this point, no one
has any idea how important this
moment is for the future
of the Kalos region.
XEROSIC: Lysandre? Our
experiment was a great success!
NARRATOR: .as
the journey continues!